While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
We have a lot of rain in June.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
In that instant, everything changed.
A glittering gem is not enough.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
